[Ennui]
Previously on  Kidding...
I want do a show
about death.
I don't think you're ready
to talk about that.
What are you doing here?
[Will] She did not leave you
because Phil died.
She left you
because you're a pussy.
Do you think I should get
an apartment
closer to the house?
[humming]
[sighs]
- P-Hound.
- Yeah.
[Jeff] What does the P
stand for?
[bees buzzing]
[Seb] Jeff needs to heal.
Mr. Pickles is fine.
[Joanne] So what do you think?
[Jeff] It's perfect.
♪ disquieting music ♪
[engine turning over]
[tool whirring,
metal squeaking]
[metal clangs]
[tool cranking]
[grunts]
[chuckles]
[strums strings]
speaking Spanish
Es Uke-Larry...
No.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
[metal squeaking,
tools whirring]
♪ tranquil music ♪
[car chirps]
♪♪♪
[straining]
♪ light piano rag ♪
[sighs]
Did you ever feel
like there's nothing to do?
Well,
that's how Ennui Le Triste
is feeling right now.
♪♪♪
Let's take a trip
to Pickle Barrel Falls
and see if we can help.
♪♪♪
See you at the bottom.
♪ jaunty piano rag ♪
♪♪♪
[light humming]
Whoa.
Bonjour, Ennui!
speaking French
Crusty, as usual.
Bored, bored, bored!
- [Ennui] Everything that I...
- They're gonna laugh at me.
[Ennui] I've already
done before.
Well, if they laugh at you...
they're gonna get
a real kick out of me.
[Jeff] I'm sure we can
think of something.
I mean, just think of all the
toys you have at home.
[Tanner] How did you
get out of the television?
[sighs]
Actually, the hard part
isn't getting out.
It's getting back in.
[Jeff] You want to touch
my head?
Dare you.
Eww, creepy!
[laughs]
[Jeff] Can I touch yours?
Let me see yours.
Oh, dude, that's so cool!
You got a fade going.
That's really neat.
That's my best friend
in the whole world
in the doorway.
Does she look excited
to see me?
[Tanner] No.
Hey.
I don't want you
to be nervous,
but tomorrow, there's gonna be
a lot of Jell-O.
I hope you can handle it.
[laughs]
[mutters]
Mom,
I think Mr. Pickles
has brain cancer too.
♪ gentle music ♪
♪♪♪
Who's the man in your life
that isn't me?
What happened to your hair?
How long have you
been seeing him?
We've been together
a couple months.
- It's casual.
- I think Will
should stay at my house
one more night a week.
I think one night a week
is working.
I want healthy decisions
for us, not casual ones.
It's very soon to let a man
into our home,
into Phil's home--Will's home.
Sheesh.
Actually, it's good
that you're here,
to have a conversation
about setting boundaries.
You mean distance?
[sighs] I found out what
the P in P-Hound stands for.
Now every time I see
the letter P,
I think of the word "pussy,"
and it haunts my head.
I used to call Phil
"my little P-nugget,"
and now I hear "pussy-nugget,"
and I can't call him that
in my daydreams anymore.
You can set boundaries too.
Like our shared
checking account.
I'm gonna ask you
if I can buy a new car,
- and you can say no.
- Why do you need a new car?
I'd like to not drive
the same model minivan
the insurance company
coughed up,
and I'm done pretending
that there isn't money
to spend on myself.
You should get whatever
makes you and Will comfortable.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Maybe I'll come over later,
meet your new guy.
I'll make one of those
sour cream-blueberry pies
that I make that you like.
- No!
- Anyway...
Good luck with all
your new decisions.
Did you really shave your head
for that kid?
No, silly.
Is there a way to tell if,
you know, somebody's gay?
- [Clay] Course you can.
- How?
You just ask them.
I mean,
I would say hello first.
[Clay] Yeah.
Turn them upside down.
[Clay] If they curl up into
a ball, they're gay.
[laughter]
Hi, everybody.
♪ quiet waltz music ♪
Fuck.
[Clay]
What--what's happening?
I'm confused.
W-where were you
that there were so many bees?
♪♪♪
Can you give us a second,
Derrell?
Oh, my God.
What happened to your face?
What happened to yourself?
I thought we could make this
a season
about things that are missing,
like hair.
Oh.
We can impart the idea
that change
is a good thing.
It's okay.
Who we are is so much greater
than what happens to us.
♪♪♪
And for the last show,
we take the death episode
off the shelf,
and we air it,
and we say,
"This happened!
And I'm still me."
You look like you are about
to climb a Texas tower
- and shoot people.
- Don't say that.
You look like
Lee Harvey Oswald's
creative younger brother.
You look like Shooty the Clown.
I am the Pope in a Speedo.
I am the Oreo cookie
without its creamy center,
but if you dip me in milk,
I'm still a mouthful of yummy.
The affiliate stations
air us out of order.
Don't you think it's gonna be
just a little confusing
for the children when one day,
Jeff Pickles has hair,
and the next day,
he's paved a sidewalk
down the center of his head?
I don't care.
They can air it out of order.
PBS is gonna get the impression
that you are mentally
unfortified.
Please, don't put me
in this position
with the network.
They're gonna shelve us
for six weeks
while your hair grows back.
Think of all the people
you'll put out of work.
[Amika] We call it
a Tiger Stripe.
[Jeff] Ah.
Where does it come from?
Russian women
with very few opportunities.
How's that look, Mr. P.?
Really wish
you wouldn't call me that.
Just Jeff.
Jeff is fine.
Don't go anywhere, Jeff.
[Seb] We're strong men.
We keep
the struggle inside.
You had an off day.
When Amika's done, no one will
be able to see you're slipping.
[Seb] That's a secret
I'll keep between us.
I bought the house
next to Jill's.
And why would you do that?
They need me,
even if they don't know
they need me.
Jill has a black hole
inside her.
It's swallowing her sunshine.
She's trying to fill it
with red wine and penises,
and Will's smoking reefer
like a jazz musician.
He has no one to open up to.
No healthy friends.
If he doesn't have me
to share his inner life with,
his imagination could die.
Did you tell them
you did this?
I'm sure it'll be odd at first,
but when I show up,
knock on the door,
with my blueberry-
sour cream pie,
and I say, "Hey, friends.
I'm your new neighbor,"
we'll find our footing.
And you don't think they'll
see all that as just...
a little bit aggressive?
I saw Jill hugging another man,
or he was hugging her.
[Seb] You mean fucking.
No.
Regular hugging.
[Seb] Oh, I'm sorry.
Is it serious?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
How could it be?
[gasping]
♪ disquieting music ♪
♪♪♪
Mr. Piccirillo,
you forgot the extra credit.
I don't think freshmen
are allowed off-campus lunch.
I told you, I got you.
Get in.
All right.
[laughter]
Smoke up.
My brother grew this
in his laundry room.
Hey, give me your phone.
If we're gonna hang out later,
I should put my number in it.
Dude, is that really
your phone?
[Will] You should see
our answering machine.
Has two little tapes in it.
[laughter]
Uh... William?
♪ foreboding music ♪
♪♪♪
What did the Secret Chef hide
in your dessert?
I had rutabagas
in my brownies.
I thought they were
chocolate chips, but...
I was pleasantly deceived.
If Jill finds out you bought
the house next to her,
she'll move, and she'll never
talk to you again,
and she'll take Will and leave.
I don't know how
to love from a distance.
♪♪♪
Jeffy.
I forgot to do a crust.
[clears throat]
[zipping]
[light humming]
♪ disquieting music ♪
♪♪♪
[whistling]
[humming]
♪♪♪
Ooh!
Shh.
♪♪♪
[Jeff] "From 'pusillanimous,'
showing a lack of courage
or determination."
[plucking strings]
[strums chord]
[rising] ♪ What do you do,
what do you do ♪
♪ What do you do ♪
♪ What do you do,
what do you do ♪
♪ What do you do ♪
Maddy, piano time!
I'll take her.
[piano music]
[Chuckie] Want me to stop,
Mr. Farpopolis?
- No. Keep going, Chuckie.
- [Chuckie singing]
Yeah, sorry. I know I'm early.
I-I was hoping you and I could
go somewhere
- and talk for a second.
- No vocals, Chuckie.
Sorry, Mr. Farpopolis.
He's always adding vocals.
I can take her, Deirdre.
- Oh, I--
- Come in.
- Just--can we, uh--
- [Chuckie singing]
Chuckie!
Okay, never mind.
It's nothing.
Have fun--eh, learn.
Aren't you coming, Mom?
♪♪♪
Inside?
Daddy always waits upstairs.
Oh, he does?
Oh.
[Deirdre] For the whole lesson?
[Maddy] Yeah, they both do.
Daddy's always yelling, "Play
louder, so Daddy can hear you."
[Deirdre] Oh, huh.
♪♪♪
[Maddy] ♪ Don't go chasing
waterfalls ♪
No vocals, Maddy.
♪♪♪
Did you hand-fuck my husband?
So what's your
second favorite instrument?
♪ What do you do,
what do you do ♪
♪ What do you do ♪
Maestro Pimento Fermata
and the Pickle Nickel Choir.
♪ When it's time to make
a choice ♪
♪ Make the choice,
make the choice ♪
♪ When you haven't got
a clue ♪
- ♪ What do you do? ♪
♪ You only need to listen
to the voice that's true ♪
- ♪ The voice that's true? ♪
- ♪ That little voice ♪
♪ That's deep inside of you,
hear the voice ♪
♪ Make the choice,
make the choice ♪
♪ It'll say anything it wants
and it will never go away ♪
♪ And the harder you ignore it
then the more it has to say ♪
♪ You'll hear it get louder,
louder, louder ♪
♪ Louder, louder,
louder, louder every day ♪
♪ The voice is here to stay ♪
[pickle] ♪ Mamma mia ♪
[sighs]
We're in the middle
of a meal.
It's opulent.
It's red.
Red is such
a look-at-me color.
It's the safest car
on the market.
Hm.
You know,
if Will stayed over at my house
one more night a week,
I wouldn't have to be
dropping by all the time.
I'll think about it.
Tell me one thing
about him.
His name is Peter.
Hm?
He's an anesthesiologist.
Mm.
I guess that's...
As long as he doesn't start
bringing his work
home with him.
A lot of them do that.
Tell me another thing.
It looks good.
I don't think anyone will know
but me.
I had a pie.
Come on.
♪ Piano Concerto in A Minor
by Edvard Grieg ♪
♪♪♪
Who are you?
- Jeff...
- Could you be more specific?
A family lives in this house.
That wasn't a...
question.
Maybe let's stick
to the basics.
- Mm.
- Is that pie on your shoe?
Well, I don't want him to feel
like he can't ask me things.
Have you been married before,
Peter?
[Jill] Jeff, let him eat.
[Peter] Peter, Peter,
pumpkin eater.
Had a wife,
couldn't keep her.
Right?
Isn't that how it goes?
Put her in a pumpkin shell,
and there he kept her
very well.
The man in that poem is not
a candidate for glory.
It's a rhyme about abuse.
Mm.
I didn't know the rest of it.
Had another, didn't love her.
That's the next line.
No, I don't think that--
How is that a bedtime story?
King John
had a friend he didn't like,
and so he took that man's wife
and he sealed her
in a room with bricks
until she starved to death.
In some versions,
mice eat the woman,
but that's neither here
nor there.
My mother used to read that
to me.
Now I question her motives.
Early childhood neglect
can lead to dysfunctional
adult relationships.
Are your parents
still together,
like Jill and I?
♪♪♪
Will, you're gonna...
spend an extra night a week
with your dad.
Oh.
That's a good thing.
Hey.
How long have you been sucking
on those coffin nails?
Yeah, actually, I've been
meaning to quit.
[clears throat]
You ever had a vice
or a guilty pleasure?
Not like smoking,
or adultery,
or skulduggery,
but...
I have been known to...
take a sip or two
of chocolate syrup,
straight out of the bottle.
[laughs]
[clears throat]
Uh...
Your vice is drinking
Hershey's chocolate syrup?
No.
Never have a coupon
for Hershey's.
Yeah, but I mean...
You can afford
name-brand syrup.
I can afford a lot of things,
but I only spend what I need,
and the rest goes to people
who need it more.
Yeah. Totally.
No, every month,
I give $15 to NPR.
They sent me an apron
that says "NPR Apron."
I like the name Peter.
It's a good name.
You know what?
I'm gonna call you Big P.
- [chuckles]
- Would that be okay?
Are you kidding me?
Oh...
Jeff Pickles just gave me
a nickname.
Oh, God.
I feel like...
Elvis just gave me a sequin.
What can I call you?
Jeff Pickles.
Oh, sorry.
I thought you had left.
Good night, Will.
Good night, Big P.
Can I ask you something?
[Peter] Oh, yeah, man.
What's up?
[Will] What kind of mouthwash
do girls like?
[imitates
metallic scraping sound]
♪ quiet melancholy music ♪
♪♪♪
[sighs]
What?
♪♪♪
Are...
are you...
♪♪♪
I love you.
[Astron-Otter crying]
[Jeff] Oh, no!
Astron-Otter?
What's wrong?
[agitated muttering]
You're frustrated?
About what?
[agitated muttering]
Oh, she's frustrated
because her rocket ship
keeps falling over.
I think her bam-boosters
are misfiring.
You know what I do
when I'm frustrated?
I take a calm-me-down breath.
[breathes deeply]
[inhales]
[aggravated sigh]
[agitated yelling]
I think maybe she needs
another calm--
All right, stop.
Why do you keep doing that?
- Stop.
- Stop what?
You keep calling Astron-Otter
a she.
Last time I checked,
he was a he-otter.
He was a he.
Now she's a she.
He's been a he
for 20 years.
You don't just wake up one day
and call him a she.
[Jeff]
It happens every day.
It's happening to children
all over the world.
It's called gender fluidity.
What?
No.
He's a he.
Astron-Otter's
Lunar Lander Power Wheel.
- Hmm.
- Astron-Otter's Moon
Rock Space Fortress.
Astron-Otter's
My First Boxer Briefs
with stain guard.
He's a seven-figure line item
marketed to boys.
She has
no discernible genitalia.
I should fucking hope not.
What an important thing
to impart,
that Astron-Otter
could change overnight
and still be the same otter.
It's not a terrible idea.
Nobody asked you, Sheryl.
Astron-Otter is a boy.
Astron-Otter is a lie.
Let's tread very carefully
here, Jeff.
That's an expensive vagina
you're adding.
That is a $4 million
otter twat.
Please don't use a bad word
when you can use a good word.
These are not the decisions
you make.
Astron-Otter is a male.
No, Dad.
She's not.
Maybe it's time
for you to wake up
and smell the otter twat.
Sorry, Sheryl.
Sorry.
[rattling sound]
[screeching honk]
Oh, Jesus!
[giggles]
- Poppy, look what Mom got me.
- Not now, honey.
[Maddy] What happened
to your face?
I got ouchies, kid.
I got ouchies in places
you don't want ouchies.
- Why do you look like that?
- He made Astron-Otter
into a fucking hermaphrodite.
What's next,
"Bi Little Pony"?
How long before he loses it
and this whole place burns down
to the chimney?
♪ drum music ♪
♪♪♪
Derrell!
Yeah.
Get me Tara Lipinski.
[Joanne] Hello?
I think I left
my cookie platter here
from the open house,
so I'm just gonna grab it.
♪ gentle music ♪
♪♪♪
Okay.
I got it.
[faint hissing]
♪♪♪
Will!
We're finally getting
new neighbors.
♪ My room ♪
♪ My room is such
a lonely place ♪
♪ guitar music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ My room ♪
♪ So filled with empty space ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Without you ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ Without you, you ♪
♪ My room
is just a place to be ♪
♪♪♪
♪ My room
is nothing more to me ♪